I like animations like The Triplets of Belleville (2003) and Waking Life (2001)


I'm in the mood to watch a romantic comedy.  What do you suggest?
I love that scary movies. I love Annabelle  (2014)

I have never seen either, but I have heard of Get Out (2017) . I really wanted to see it
I like mysterious movies like Donnie Darko (2001)
I enjoy pretty much any movie. But I really like suspenseful movies
I'm really big on indie romance and dramas
What would you recommend for a romance film?
HI do you have any movie suggestions for me? I like horror and also comedy
I like mostly anything. Especially muscials and comedy

I like action movies and fantasy like Avatar  (2004) or Star Wars
Hey, could you suggest some movies for me? I like things that are true stories an comedy
hi there. do you think you could suggest some movies for me today?
would you suggest me something like Mission: Impossible  (1996) I like those action ones
CAN YOU HELP ME FIND SOME GOOD MOVIES LIKE The Sixth Sense (1999)
hey could you help me find a movie to watch tonight
I would like office christmas party tho that seems like it is funny
i enjoy many types bu i like Yes Man  (2008) and comedies like that mostly
I LIKE A LOT OF DIFFERENT THINGS BUT MAYBE TODAY A COMEDY LIKE Scary Movie (2000)
hey there. i was hoping you could help me find a good drama or thriller today?
Hi can you help me find a good movie for this weekend
I don't really like horror movies what about thrillers
i do love Reese, just not that particlar one. could you suggest one more please?
i like most genres. i especially like true stories like Soul Surfer  (2011)
I like comedies and fantasy movies I am not big on horror movies.
Hi I wonder if you can help me find a good horror film. I enjoy things like classic horror
hi i like musicals a lot! anything from West Side Story  (1961) to The Rocky Horror Picture Show (1975)
Hi can you help me find a comedy movie
Hi can you help me find a musical
Hi could you help me find a good scary movie? It could be a thriller or horror or even a drama that is scary
I love thrillers, sci-fi, fantasy, and comedy.


Hi I am looking for a good action adventure movie to watch
Hi I have watched all the musicals I can think of today and need a recommendation.
Hello.  I am looking for a good comedy to watch.


Hi can you recommend any movies with Kevin Hart or Will Farrell
Any old horror/scary movies would be nice too! :)






I don't think I'd like something like that. Could you maybe recommend a comedy?
Yeah, do you have any drama or horror recommendations?
What movie would you recommend for an action movie i can watch with my family?
Can you recommend a super hero movie for me?
Can you help me find a comedy movie?
Hi can you help me find a holiday movie?


hi could you help me find a good drama or thriller?
ok, i think you are supposed to find me a movie. sci fi is cool if you have other suggestions. I did see Avatar  (2009) and I liked that a lot
hi can you please help me find a good comedy&quot;
Can you help me with a good movie suggestion with some rock music
Can you please help me find a good scary movie
Hi can you help me find a good adventure movie to watch
could you help me find a good romantic comedy?



Anything in the horror, thriller or mystery genres.

i like stuff like Reservoir Dogs (1992) and Goodfellas (1990)
Fantasy. Especially high fantasy
hey want to help me find a good sandra bullock movie? something like Forces of Nature (1999) but not so much like Miss Congeniality  (2000)
Can you help me find a good movie like John Wick: Chapter 2 (2017) ot Fast & Furious  (2009)
DO YOU WANT TO HELP ME FIND A FUN KID MOVIE
I am interested in movies like @star wars
do you have any suggestions for sci fi movies
Could you please help me find a good Keanu Reeves movie?


I might like that one can you suggest a good comedy movie?


hey, want to help me find a good crime film?

can you help me find a good horror film?
do you know of any good comedies that I might like?


I really like the original Halloween  (2007) , not so much the one from 2007 via Rob Zombie!
I like movies that are reviewed well and have interesting plot, like Sci Fi and thriller.
something with a good soundtrack like Dazed and Confused  (1993) or Rock of Ages  (2012)
want to help me find a fun movie for all ages?
Can you help me find a good older movie like Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey (1991) or something silly like that?
what's a movie I can watch that is action/horror based?
Got any good movie suggestions?
Hi could you please help me find a good musical that I haven't seen?
Good. You know any good Sci Fi flicks?
Any good Fantasy genre movies you could recommend?
Can you help me pick a good action movie to watch tonight?
Are there any good recent martial arts flicks?
Have you seen any good Romantic Comedies lately?

yes. Can I recommend a movie?
Yeah, I've seen that many times. Have you seen The Babadook (2014) ?

Hi. You know any good Sci fi movies?
Have you seen Rushmore  (1998) ?
Any good Japanese Anime movies out?

I like a good documentary.
Or Pervert Park (2014) ?




I love them!  Do you know of any good ones?

Oh, I'm not a big fan of the Alien series.  Do you have any other suggestions?
Can you recommend any good comedy movies?
i want to see part 2 of Daddy's Home  (2015)
I like comedy and sci-fi movies
I like apocalypse movies
I am interested in comedy and SCI FI movies
Hello. I'm looking for a good horror movie. Any suggestions?
Hi. Know of any good action films from the 80s and 90s?
Hi friend! I'm in the mood for a good film noir. Could be old or new. Whatcha got?
Hi there. I'm in the mood for a good fantasy film.
Some horror or mystery?
I like horror movies similar to The Blair Bitch Project (1999)
Horror. Something with witches and demons
I like horror movies.
Hi. I'm looking for some good movie recommendations
I like comedies and I am looking for something funny and holiday themed!
Hi. I'm looking for some good action movies
I'm looking for a good action flick
hi. I'm looking for some good scifi action movies
You should watch Dear Zachary: A Letter to a Son About His Father (2008)
Like Dear Zachary: A Letter to a Son About His Father (2008)
I love comedy movies
Hi. Can you recommend some good war dramas?
You should watch Get Out (2017)
something with suspense. Thrillers, psych dramas.


I'm not really into Scify. I like comedies and action movies.
I'm mostly into fantasy films. know any?
I love comedy movies
Yes I love comedies!
Seen any good vampire movies lately?

got some movies ideas for me?
I love scary movies

Can you recommend any comdies?
Hi. I'm in the mood for a good drama this afternoon. Any suggestions?
Can you help me find a movie for the weekend?
Hi! Can you recommend some good animated movies?


Hey there. Can you recommend a good anime?
Can you recommend some good anime movies?

Some sci-fy, fantasy kind of movies

Have you seen This Film Is Not Yet Rated (2006) ?

I am trying to pick a movie to watch tonight, have you seen any good comedies lately?
Actually if you look at the green text up above, you are the movie recommender :) Can yu help me find a good comedy?

Could you help me find a horror movie today?

would you be able to help me find a good movie for the weekend?

Do you have any movie suggestions?
I like a lot of comedies. Can you help me find a newer one like 2010 til now?

I was wondering if you have seen any good action movies lately?
Oh I like horror and scary or intense stuff like The Cabin in the Woods and The Last House on the Left  (2009)
I like most stuff but would like something with good music
Could you help me find a good comedy or drama to wach?
Want to help me find a good romantic comedy?

Could you help me find  good scary movie to wach tonight?

Hello, I'm looking for a movie to watch. I like dramas and old black and white movies.
Hi! Can you recommend a good movie for the weekend?
I am looking for a good movie with music in it. Something like Garden State  (2004) or even a musical like West Side Story  (1961)
Hello. Can you recommend a good action flick this evening?
Would you mind helping me find a feel good movie tonight?
Hello. Can you recommend a good anime for me?


I like dramas and old black &amp; white movies.
Hi! Can you recommend any good dramas?
I am looking for a funny movie like Wedding Crashers (2005) or The Ringer  (2005) do you have suggestions?
hello. can you recommend a good movie for tonight? my wife wants to go out
Hello, I would like animated comedy movie suggestions

yes, I am looking for something with action, or horror.
I like comedy and action
Sure, I really like 90s comedies so other suggestions would be useful
Hi I am looking for some fun romantic movies as well as comedies.
Can you help me find a good comedy?
Hi! I'm look for romantic movies!

I looking for some new comedy, romantic, and some drama movies!
Can you help me find a good horror movie? I have seen the classics like A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) and Friday the 13th  (1980)
I'm looking for good animated movies along with some action movies, any suggestions?
I would like something with a good soundtrack like Pulp Fiction (1994) but not like La La Land  (2016)

I'm looking for some good romantic/comedy/drama films like The Help  (2011)
Hi, I'm looking for some comedy/ romantic comedies  like Just Go with It (2011)
Can you help me find a good movie in any genre?I like things like Wedding Crashers (2005) and It  (2017) but not like Star Wars

Hi! I'm looking for some movies similar to Easy A (2010)  and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World (2010)
Hi! I'm looking for some funny comedy movies. Something similar to She's Out of My League (2010)
can you help me find a good thriller
Hi, I'm look for som good thriller movies
Can you please help me find something that has good music in it? Like Garden State  (2004) or Dazed and Confused  (1993)
I'm looking for a good romantic comedy
I'm looking for some good rom-coms' /drama something like Cast Away (2000) with Tom hanks
I'm looking for some good drama movies. Any suggestions?
Hello! Can you suggest something funny?
I'm looking for some good funny movies

I love sci-fi and comedy movies!

i love sci-fi movies, what do u recommend
I like comedy movies have u seen Bad Moms (2016)  it was so dumb
yes romance!
I like romance, comedy, and sci fi!!
I've seen theose already unfortunately. Recommend anything similar to Unfaithful  (2002) with Richard Gere?
hey there! can you recommend some good Godzilla movies?
Hi there. Can you recommend some good movies. I like black cinemas.
Hi! I'm in the mood for a good Tom Hanks movie this morning. Any ideas?
Morning! I'm looking for some good films featuring black actors.
I'm looking for some films my wife and I can stream online and watch this morning. What do you recommend?
Hello. Can you recommend a good movie to see in theaters this weekend?
Hey. Can you recommend some good new science fiction films? Preferably something already on DVD that I can buy or rent to watch online.
Hi friend. Can you recommend some good classic movies?
I'm looking for a good comedic drama. Something along the lines of The Family Stone (2005) .
Im looking for a good horror. Has to be something on DVD I can pickup later this after noon.
I'm looking for some good films noir.
I'm looking for a film of any genre, with a woman in the lead.
Hello, I'm looking for a thriller, not gory though.
Hello, I'm looking for a Christmas movie of any genre.

what movie would you recommend?
